

===== PAGE 1 =====

Page 1 of 8  
 
 
School of Electronic Engineering and Computer Science 
 
EBU6304 – Software Engineering Group Project 
 
35% coursework. 
 
International School Teaching Assistant Recruitment 
System 
- Software Development Using Agile Methods 
 
1. General Information 
 
In the coming weeks, your team will develop a software application that will be used by 
BUPT International School for recruiting Teaching Assistants. Agile methods should be 
applied throughout all stages of development, including requirements, analysis and design, 
implementation, and testing. Iterations  (Sprints) should be carefully planned  and 
documented to demonstrate incremental delivery, continuous feedback, and reflective 
improvement. 
 
There are no restrictions on what may be included in the final product, and the specification 
provided in this handout contains only high -level, abstract requirements. It is important to 
recognise that determining software requirements is one of the most critical and complex 
phases of any development project. You should apply appropriate requirement-finding 
techniques and Agile practices to identify the actual requirements at a suitable level of 
detail. Most importantly, you must prioritise the features to be implemented  through 
iterations, considering both feasibility and customer needs . As in real -world software 
development, you should define the project scope clearly and appropriately. Keep your 
design simple, modular, and extensible . Justifying your decisions, process, trade -offs, and 
design choices is an essential part of the coursework. 
 
Key Dates: 
Handout release date: 6th March 2026 
First assessment: 22nd March 2026  
Intermediate assessment: 12th April 2026 
Final assessment: 24th May 2026 


===== PAGE 2 =====

Page 2 of 8  
2. Project Specification 
 
2.1 Basic Requirements 
 
BUPT International School recruit s Teaching Assistants (TA) each semester to support 
academic modules and various school activities. Currently, the application process relies on 
forms and Excel files. A software application is needed to streamline the workflow. You will 
act as an Agile software development team to develop a simple recruitment system. 
 
The system should address the specific needs of BUPT International School to recruit TAs 
for Module Organisers (MO)  and other activities (such as invigilation). While part of the 
task requires you to analyse the recruitment process and identify requirements using suitable 
techniques, here are some suggested functions to assist you in getting started. Suggested 
features can include the following, but not limited to: 
• TA can create an applicant profile 
• TA can upload CV 
• TA can find available jobs 
• TA can apply for jobs 
• TA can check application status 
• MO can post jobs 
• MO can select applicants for jobs 
• Admin can check TA’s overall workload 
 
Some AI-powered features could include: 
• Matching skills between jobs and applicants 
• Identifying missing skills for applicants 
• Balancing workload 
 
A complete prototype of the application must be produced. While it is not required to 
implement fully functional code for every feature represented in the prototype, the team 
must implement a selected set of CORE functions. These core features should demonstrate 
the system’s primary value. 
 
2.2 Other Requirements (mandatory) 
• The software must be developed as either 
a) A stand-alone Java application, OR 
b) A lightweight Java Servlet/JSP Web-based application. 
• All input and output data should be stored in simple text file formats . For example 
plain text (.txt), CSV, JSON, or XML. Do not use a database. 
 
*Adhering to the above restrictions is essential to ensure 1: focus remains on fundamental Software 
Engineering principles, rather than on the complexities of frameworks  or languages. Introducing 
advanced tools, such as Spring Boot or database integration, could divert attention toward framework -
specific features and configuration, which are not the primary learning objectives of this module.  2: the 
system remains compatible with existing data and interoperable with legacy systems.  3: fairness across 
all students with the necessary prerequisite knowledge and skills. 

===== PAGE 3 =====

Page 3 of 8  
Your tasks include defining detailed requirements, designing, developing, and testing the 
software described above using Agile methodologies. You have the freedom to design the 
system as you see fit, provided it meets the core customer needs and the project scope is 
clearly defined. 
 
 
2.3 AI-Assisted Development 
 
You are encouraged to use AI to assist various aspects of the project, including 
brainstorming, story writing, prototyping, design, coding, debugging and testing. However, 
you should not rely solely on AI -generated content, as AI tools have limitations. Outputs 
may lack domain -specific knowledge, contain subtle logic errors, produce inefficient code, 
or overlook ethical and privacy considerations . Additionally, AI solutions are often generic 
and may not reflect the critical thinking and adaptability required for real -world problem-
solving. To ensure understanding and avoid over-reliance, you should be prepared to answer 
questions during live demonstration, such as “Why did AI make this recommendation?” or 
“How did you modify AI’s solution?” to demonstrate your reasoning and modifications. 
 
If you implement AI-powered functions (e.g. skill matching, recommendation) , you must 
integrate AI responsibly and critically. AI -generated outputs must not be blindly accepted. 
Your system must combine structured logic with AI -based interpretation and provide 
explainable results. 
 
 
3. Agile Management and Version Control 
 
Each group has 6 students. You are the Agile team working together to complete the project. 
All students in a group must work on ALL aspects of the project, to obtain full software 
engineering skills. You should use the techniques you have learnt in the lectures to  manage 
the project, e.g., Scrum, daily standup meetings, working around a table, scrum master and 
decision making, etc.  
 
Each team member must have a visible branch and corresponding commits on GitHub for 
their assigned development tasks. These will serve as key evidence of individual 
contributions. 
Each group will be assigned a teaching assistant  to support, give feedback, monitor the 
group's progress  and individual contribution . Your teaching assistant  should be your first 
point of contact for questions or issues. The teaching assistants will regularly check both 
your group's progress and individual contributions. Teaching assistants are NOT responsible 
for marking the project. Marking is done by the lecturers in the Software Engineering 
teaching team.  Make sure your teaching assistant  has access to your GitHub repository. 
Refer to the teaching assistant allocation file on QMPlus to see the contact of your allocated 
teaching assistant. 
 
All members of group should be collaborators to th e main  project repository . The main 
project repository  (i.e. the master branch ) MUST be accessible to the assigned teaching 
assistant. The teaching assistant may request to access the sub-branches if necessary.  

===== PAGE 4 =====

Page 4 of 8  
GitHub should be used explicitly to demonstrate your contributions, through activities such 
as through commits, forks, pull requests, Issues, and README updates . Each member must 
actively participate to demonstrate clear engagement and contribution within the team.  
Insufficient evidence on GitHub will be considered inadequate contribution during marking, 
with no exceptions. 
 
4. Timeline 
 
These are suggested timeline of activities and deliverable for each week. There are 8 
scheduled lab sessions  in BUPT teaching weeks 3,4,5,6,9,10,11,1 2, you may use the 
scheduled lab time for project delivery and personal reflection. 
 
BUPT 
week 
Scheduled 
Lab Activities and Deliverable Assessment Point Weight 
(%) 
1 - Group and GitHub 
Repository Setup - - 
2 - Story writing workshop 
Prototype with user feedback - - 
3 22 March Iteration 1. 
First assessment 
• Online submission on QM+ 
1. Product Backlog 
2. Prototype 
3. A brief report 
• GitHub 
30% 
4 29 March Iteration 1 continues. 
Working Software version 1. - - 
5 5 April Iteration 2 - - 
6 12 April Iteration 2 continues. 
Working Software version 2. 
Intermediate assessment 
• Demonstration and Viva 
• GitHub 
20% 
7 - Iteration 3. - - 
8 - Iteration 3 continues. 
Working Software version 3. - - 
9 3 May Iteration 4 - - 
10 10 May Iteration 4 continues. 
Working Software version 4. - - 
11 17 May Preparing for final delivery. - - 
12 24 May Final Product Delivery 
Final assessment 
• QM+ submission: 
1. Software 
2. Demonstration video 
3. A short report 
• Demonstration and viva 
• GitHub 
50% 
    100% 
 
 

===== PAGE 5 =====

Page 5 of 8  
5. Staged Assessment 
 
This coursework will be managed and assessed through three assessment points.  
 
5.1. First assessment – 30% 
 
This involves the product backlog, prototype and a brief report.  
 
QMPlus Submission: 
• The product backlog, an Excel file (a template is provided on QM+). 
Filename: ProductBacklog_groupXXX.xlsx, where XXX is your group number. 
It should contain all user stories with acceptance criteria, priority, estimation, and 
iteration planning. 
• The prototype, a PDF file. 
Filename: Prototype_groupXXX.pdf, where XXX is your group number. 
It should contain the completed prototype. Only a low-fidelity or medium-fidelity 
prototype is required. 
• The brief report, a PDF file (a template is provided on QM+). 
Filename: Report_groupXXX.pdf, where XXX is your group number. 
This document should describe the fact-finding techniques, iteration planning, 
prioritisation, and estimation methods used in the project. (maximum 5 pages). 
It should also include supporting materials (not included in the 5-page limit), such as 
interview questions, survey results, and customer feedback (if applicable). 
Make a .ZIP file contains all above files and submit on QM+. Only the group leader 
should submit the files on behalf of the whole group. 
 
GitHub: Your GitHub repository will be checked. Make sure it has been set up properly and 
clear shows members commits. 
 
 
5.2. Intermediate assessment – 20%  
 
This involves the checking intermediate versions of the software.  
 
Demo & Viva: This simulates your meeting with the client in real -life scenario where you 
inform the clients of your progress . All group members need to attend a demonstration and 
viva session. You will need to present the progress and demonstrate the latest version of the 
software (ideally with each member speaking for 2 minutes). Each member will be asked 1 
or 2 questions during the viva. 
 
GitHub: Your GitHub repository will be checked for the up-to-date versions of the software 
and each member’s contribution.  Make sure all sub -branch contributions are all merged to 
the master branch by the checking date. 
 

===== PAGE 6 =====

Page 6 of 8  
5.3. Final assessment – 50%  
 
This involves the checking the final software, demonstration and report.  
 
QMPlus Submission:  
 
• The short report, a PDF file (a template is provided on QM+). 
Filename: Report_groupXXX.pdf, where XXX is your group number.  
This report documents the software design strategy, build plan, and testing strategies and 
techniques, the use of Gen AI etc. It should contain the sections of Group report 
(maximum 10 pages) and individual statements (no more than 300 words each). More 
details can be found in the template. 
 
• The software, a ZIP file.  
Filename: Software_groupXXX.zip, where XXX is your group number.  
It should include the following: 
o Source code. 
o Test programs. 
o Code documentation, such as JavaDocs. 
o A user manual including key screenshots of the application (at least one for each 
main frame) 
o A readme file , providing instructions for setting up, configuring, and running the 
software. 
 
• The demonstration video, record a short video to demonstrate your software and submit 
it to QM+. Requirements of the demonstration video: 
o Recording can be made using any screen capture software. 
o No more than 10 minutes. 
o You should demonstrate the running of your software, as if you do the 
demonstration to sell your product. You should demonstrate the operation of all 
functions. It’s recommended to demonstrate error handling as well. 
o You must explain your operations in the video, your voice must be recorded, and 
the narration must be in English. 
o The video format does not matter, as you will upload it to QM+ Media. 
o The video must not be post-edited, and it must not contain any AI-generated 
content. 
 
Demo & Viva: This simulates your final meeting with the client in real -life scenario where 
you deliver the final product and hope to gain user satisfaction . All group members need to 
attend a demonstration and viva session. You will be required to complete acceptance 
testing tasks to verify that the software meets the specified requirements.  Each member will 
also be asked 1 or 2 questions during the viva.  
 
GitHub: Your GitHub repository will also be checked for the latest versions of the software 
and each member’s contribution. Make sure all sub -branch contributions are all merged to 
the master branch by the checking date. 

===== PAGE 7 =====

Page 7 of 8  
6. Marking Criteria 
 
For each assessment stage, your marks = group marks  individual factor. 
 
First assessment: 
 
Group Marks   
Component Detail Max 
Marks 
Product Backlog 
The correctness of defining the users and scope 2 
The correctness of writing user stories 5 
The completeness of product backlog 3 
Prototype Functionality 5 
Usability 5 
Report Describe the fact-finding techniques, iteration plan, 
prioritisation and estimation methods used in the project. 5 
Evidence Sufficient evidence to support the statements in the report. 5 
Total 30 
 
Individual Factor    
Component Detail Factor 
Contributions Regular commits on GitHub  1/2 
Observations from the teaching assistant  1/2 
Total 1 
 
Intermediate assessment: 
 
Group Marks   
Component Detail Max 
Marks 
Software Version 1 & 2 
(GitHub) 
Decent progress has been made for each version. The 
improvement of each version addresses existing problems. 5 
Project Management 
(GitHub) 
The GitHub network shows active engagement from all members 
with respective branches contributing and merged for the release 
of the new version. 
5 
Demo & Viva Excellent teamwork in presenting the current version of software. 
All questions are answered clearly. 10 
Total 20 
 
 
   

===== PAGE 8 =====

Page 8 of 8  
Individual Factor 
Component Detail Factor 
Demo & Viva Presentation  1/2 
Q&A  1/2 
Total 1 
 
 
Final assessment: 
 
Group Marks   
Component Detail Max 
Marks 
Demonstration video and 
software 
Design 10 
Implementation 10 
Testing 5 
Short report Content quality 10 
Project Management 
(GitHub) 
The GitHub network shows active engagement from all members 
with respective branches contributing and merged for the 
release of the new version. 
5 
Demo & Viva Pass all acceptance testing tasks. All questions are answered 
clearly. 10 
Total 50* 
 
Individual Factor   
Component Detail Check 
Contribution Contribution on GitHub  1/4 
Reflection in the Report  1/4 
Demo & Viva Testing task  1/4 
Q&A  1/4 
Total 1 
 
* A student who demonstrates significant contribution and leadership in the group 
may receive up to 10% additional marks added to the group's final assessment mark. 